Here is how my code looks.
It exactly implements step by step,
all the equations for the prediction and
measurement update.
This includes the error calculation,
given my new measurement z.
The 'H' matrix transposed, the 'S' matrix
and its inverse, the Kalman gain, and the
newupdated state 'x', and covariance 'P'.
And the new updated state x,
and covariance p.
These are the prediction equations
exactly as they are described in
The Kalman filter algorithm.
Let's have a look at
the prediction function over here.
I've got another question for you.
Why do we not mention the process
noise in the state prediction line
here, in the code, although state
transition function has one?